Copyright
=========

MODPACK PERMISSIONS (Simple Version)
------------------------------------

As long as you provide proper credit to me for my work(s) and have a link back
to www.bibliocraftmod.com,  you can use my mod(s) in your mod pack. :)

YOUTUBE/LETS PLAY CONDITIONS
----------------------------

I encourage anyone who is interested to use BiblioCraft and any addons found
on this website in their videos. I would appreciate a link back to
www.bibliocraftmod.com but this is not a requirment.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BIBLIOCRAFT
------------------------------------

0. USED TERMS

MOD – modification, plugin, a piece of software that interfaces with the
Minecraft client to extend, add, change or remove original capabilities.

MOJANG – Mojang AB

OWNER – Joseph “Nuchaz” Sinclair, Original author(s) of the MOD. Under the
copyright terms accepted when purchasing Minecraft
(http://www.minecraft.net/copyright.jsp) the OWNER has full rights over their
MOD despite use of MOJANG code.

USER – End user of the mod, person installing the mod.

1. LIABILITY

THIS MOD IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’ WITH NO WARRANTIES, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE. THE
OWNER OF THIS MOD TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES INCURRED FROM THE
USE OF THIS MOD. THIS MOD ALTERS FUNDAMENTAL PARTS OF THE MINECRAFT GAME,
PARTS OF MINECRAFT MAY NOT WORK WITH THIS MOD INSTALLED. ALL DAMAGES CAUSED
FROM THE USE OR MISUSE OF THIS MOD FALL ON THE USER.

2. USE

Use of this MOD to be installed, manually or automatically, is given to the
USER without restriction.

3. REDISTRIBUTION

This MOD may only be distributed where uploaded, mirrored, or otherwise linked
to by the OWNER unless included in a mod pack consisting of two or more mods.
In the case of mod packs, all I ask is that proper credit is given to myself,
the OWNER, for any of my works used and a link is provided so all recipients
of said mod pack can easily access this website. ANY attempts to make money
off of this MOD (selling, selling modified versions, adfly, sharecash, etc.)
are STRICTLY FORBIDDEN, and the OWNER may claim damages or take other action
to rectify the situation.

4. DERIVATIVE WORKS/MODIFICATION

This mod is provided freely and may be decompiled and modified for private
use, either with a decompiler or a bytecode editor. Public distribution of
modified versions of this MOD requires advance written permission of the OWNER
and may be subject to certain terms. Textures may be modified and released
without advance permission under the requirement said textures will be posted
to the relevant forum started by the OWNER.

Special mentions of intellectual property from other sources within the mod
BiblioCraft.. The OWNER does not claim ownership, only that they were used
with respect to their original license:

1. Five of the paintings used were hand painted by Garrett “ShabbyQuotient”
Beach (https://www.youtube.com/user/ShabbyQuotient). These include the first
five paintings seen in the painting press block interface. Full credit goes to
him for his work.

2. The typewriter sound effects are modified from free to use sounds found on
the website video copilot:
http://www.videocopilot.net/blog/2013/08/free-typewriter-model-sound-fx/

WEBSITE COPYRIGHT
-----------------

Any images or files hosted on this website are the property of copyright
owner, Joseph “Nuchaz” Sinclair. Third parties are restricted from linking
directly to or using these images and/or files for another website. However
pages on this website may be freely linked to and content may be quoted as
long as links to the original content are provided.

Minecraft is a registered trademark of Mojang. All content of this website and
the modification contained within adheres to the terms of use set forth by
mojang.
